ignore_time property renamed to min_full_scan_interval (#3600)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/deploying-with-puppet/wazuh-puppet-module/reference-wazuh-puppet/wazuh-manager-class.rst

  `Default 5m`

$vulnerability_detector_min_full_scan_interval

>   Time interval which a full scan will be triggered if vulnerability database is updated with new CVEs information.

Author: Fixed

>   Time interval in which a full scan will be triggered if vulnerability database is updated with new CVEs information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Time interval in which a full scan will be triggered if the database of vulnerabilities is updated with new CVEs information.
```
